update dashboard eud (#119)
DevExpress/dotnet-eud: dashboard-for-web/articles/web-dashboard-designer-mode/designing-dashboard-items/cards/conditional-formatting.md

> [!Note]
> Cards that use a [legacy layout](https://docs.devexpress.com/Dashboard/118608/create-dashboards/create-dashboards-on-the-web/designing-dashboard-items/cards/layout#legacy-layout-v162-and-earlier) do not support conditional formatting.

## Supported Format Rules

Format rules that can be applied to different data item types are as follows:
* numeric 
	* **Value**
	* **Top-Bottom**
	* **Average**
	* **Expression** 
	* **Icon Ranges**
	* **Color Ranges**
	* **Gradient Ranges**
* string 
	* **Value** (with the condition type set to _Equal To_, _Not Equal To_ or _Text that Contains_)
	* **Expression**
* date-time 
	* **Value**

> 	* A **Date Occurring** (for dimensions with a continuous date-time group interval)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	* **A Date Occurring** (for dimensions with a continuous date-time group interval)
```

## Supported Format Rules

Format rules that can be applied to different data item types are as follows:
* numeric 
	* **Value**
	* **Top-Bottom**
	* **Average**
	* **Expression** 
	* **Icon Ranges**
	* **Color Ranges**
	* **Gradient Ranges**
* string 
	* **Value** (with the condition type set to _Equal To_, _Not Equal To_ or _Text that Contains_)
	* **Expression**
* date-time 
	* **Value**
	* A **Date Occurring** (for dimensions with a continuous date-time group interval)
	* **Expression**
	* **Icon and Color Ranges**
	* **Color Ranges**
	* **Gradient Ranges**

Refer to the following topic for more information about format condition types: [Conditional Formatting in Web Dashboard](../../appearance-customization/conditional-formatting.md).
## Create and Edit a Format Rule   

You can create and edit format rules in the **Conditional Formatting** section that is located in the following places:

* The dashboard item's [Options](../../ui-elements/dashboard-item-menu.md) menu

> *  [data item menu](../../ui-elements/data-item-menu.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The [data item menu](../../ui-elements/data-item-menu.md)
```

Refer to the following topic for information on how to create and edit format rules: [Conditional Formatting in Web Dashboard](../../appearance-customization/conditional-formatting.md).
## Card-Specific Format Condition Settings

> For a Card dashboard item, you can apply conditional formatting to the card's visual elements (like Title, Subtitle, different values) and change the card's background.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a Card dashboard item, you can apply conditional formatting to the card's visual elements (e.g., Title, Subtitle, different values) and change the card's background.
```

Available settings in the **Common** section depend on the selected **Calculated by** option:

> * The **Card** option specifies a data item container (a card by whose values the format rule is calculated. The **Value Type** option specifies the card's measurement according to which a condition is calculated.

Reviewer: Instead of parentheses, could we split this first sentence into two sentences? For example, is the following technically correct?

`* The **Card** option specifies a data item container. The format rule is calculated based on the card's values. The **Value Type** option specifies the card's measurement upon which a condition is calculated.`

Author: ```suggestion
* The **Card** option specifies a data item container. The format rule is calculated based on the card's values. The **Value Type** option specifies the card's measurement upon which a condition is calculated.
```

    If the Card dashboard item contains multiple values in data item containers (cards), make sure you apply a format rule to the active card to see changes. Click ![WebDashboard_DashboardItem_LayersIcon](../../../../images/webdashboard_dashboarditem_layersicon132016.png) in the dashboard item caption to switch between cards. The expression format rule ignores the specified card and is applied to all cards regardless of the specified value.

> * For the **Data Item** option you can choose a hidden measure or series dimension. The rule applies to all cards in a Card item.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For the **Data Item** option, you can choose a hidden measure or series dimension. The rule applies to all cards in a Card item.
```

![conditional-formatting-card-delta-variation](../../../../images/web-conditional-formatting-card-delta-variation.png)

To apply the selected appearance to the Title, Subtitle, values, and other card layout elements, use the **Apply to** drop-down list. The _All elements_ value applies the format rule to all card elements.

> If you select background color, it applies to the entire card and the **Apply to** value is not in effect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you select a background color, it applies to the entire card and the **Apply to** value is not in effect.
```
